Add FAQ to docs (#478)
py-mine/mcstatus: docs/pages/faq.rst

Frequently Asked Question
=========================

Incorrect encoding
------------------

In Query protocol, Minecraft uses ISO 8859-1 for encoding all text (like MOTD,
server name, etc.). This can cause problems with non-latin characters. To fix
such error, you can re-encode text into UTF-8.

.. code-block:: python

    >>> query = JavaServer.lookup("my-server-ip.com").query()
    >>> query.motd
    'Ð\x9fÑ\x80Ð¸Ð²Ñ\x96Ñ\x82!'
    >>> query.motd.encode("iso-8859-1").decode("utf-8")
    'Привіт!'

:attr:`query.motd <mcstatus.querier.QueryResponse.motd>` here can be anything,
that contain incorrect encoding.

> How to get server image?

Reviewer: Mention that you can also just paste the entire base64 image as a string result into the browser (most modern browsers will support this)

Author: Mentioned in [last force-push](https://github.com/py-mine/mcstatus/compare/9086ff3d9484d8cde97d4439741329a1a487017d..f71fea6b2261db29714c612dcf737c7c75465482), thanks!

------------------------

Bedrock servers do not provide icons, so you can't get server image from them.
For Java servers, you can use :attr:`status.favicon <mcstatus.pinger.PingResponse.favicon>`
attribute. It will return `Base64 <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Base64>`_
encoded PNG image, so you can decode it in that way:

.. code-block:: python

    import base64

    with open("server-favicon.png", "wb") as server_favicon_file:
        server_favicon_file.write(base64.decodebytes(status.favicon))

> ``RuntimeError: Event Loop is closed``

Reviewer: Is there some mcstatus issue regarding this happening? What exactly causes this?

Author: Oh, that was tracked by #337, and is fixed now.

Author: Removed in [last force-push](https://github.com/py-mine/mcstatus/compare/9086ff3d9484d8cde97d4439741329a1a487017d..f71fea6b2261db29714c612dcf737c7c75465482), thanks!

handling, and support for default ports).

Incorrect encoding
------------------

In Query protocol, Minecraft uses ISO 8859-1 for encoding all text (like MOTD,
server name, etc.). This can cause problems with non-latin characters. To fix
such error, you can re-encode text into UTF-8.

.. code-block:: python

    >>> query = JavaServer.lookup("my-server-ip.com").query()
    >>> query.motd
    'Ð\x9fÑ\x80Ð¸Ð²Ñ\x96Ñ\x82!'
    >>> query.motd.encode("iso-8859-1").decode("utf-8")
    'Привіт!'

:attr:`query.motd <mcstatus.querier.QueryResponse.motd>` here can be anything,
that contain incorrect encoding.

How to get server image?
------------------------

Bedrock servers do not provide icons, so you can't get server image from them.
For Java servers, you can use :attr:`status.favicon <mcstatus.pinger.PingResponse.favicon>`
attribute. It will return `Base64 <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Base64>`_
encoded PNG image, so you can decode it in that way:

.. code-block:: python

    import base64

    with open("server-favicon.png", "wb") as server_favicon_file:
        server_favicon_file.write(base64.decodebytes(status.favicon))

.. note::

>     Most modern browsers support pasting raw Base64 as image, without decoding it to file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Most modern browsers support simply pasting the raw Base64 image into the URL bar, 
    which will open it as an image preview, allowing you to take a quick look at it without
    having to use file saving from python.
```

Frequently Asked Question
=========================

Why doesn't :class:`~mcstatus.server.BedrockServer` have an async :meth:`~mcstatus.server.MCServer.lookup` method?
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> .. this title looks ok in rendered docs

Reviewer: This comment is unnecessary and can be removed, people will be able to just look at the docs if they think it doesn't look good, and I wouldn't immediately assume that a title like this would look bad anyway.

Author: Removed in [last force-push](https://github.com/py-mine/mcstatus/compare/9086ff3d9484d8cde97d4439741329a1a487017d..f71fea6b2261db29714c612dcf737c7c75465482), thanks!

> Bedrock servers do not do some DNS lookups as this do Java servers, lookup in
> :class:`~mcstatus.server.BedrockServer` just parses IP:port strings and adds
> standard port if it is not specified. So there is no need for async alternative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Java servers, to find the server, we sometimes end up performing an SRV DNS 
lookup. This means making a request to your DNS server and waiting for an answer,
making that lookup a blocking operation (during which other things can be done).

However with Bedrock servers, no such lookups are required (bedrock doesn't 
support SRV records), and so there is no blocking I/O operation being made, that
would justify having an async version. 

In fact, all that the bedrock lookup does is parsing the ``host:port`` address, and 
obtaining the ``host`` and ``port`` parts out of it (with some error handling, and 
support for default ports).
```
Might be worth linking to some docs explaining what SRV records are. Alternatively, we could also just have a tip/note block with a quick explanation, like this one:

```
An SRV record allows the server to have an address like: `hypixel.net`, that points to
a some specified IP/Host and port, depending on this record.

That way, even if the server is hosted on a non-standard port (other than 25565, say 8855), 
you won't need to use `myserver.com:8855`, since the port number will simply be stored
in the SRV record, so people can still connect simply with `myserver.com`.

On top of that, it also allows to specify a different IP/Host, which means you don't need to
use the same server to run both the website, and the minecraft server. Instead, the SRV
record can simply point to a different IP/Host address (like `mc.hypixel.net`, or `209.222.114.112`).
```

Note that since I'm just writing this suggestion from the github UI, the text wrapping is certainly incorrect. Also, you might want to add some references to other objects I mentioned, if needed.

Author: The explanation itself is good, but I do not know where to put it. Like, "What is SRV?" is not the kind of question about mcstatus or related to mcstatus. Plus, it's not kind of frequently asked question, so I'm unsure whether we should document it. Shouldn't be enough to mention that "you should use lookup if you have a domain, if not - this is quite useless for use". I maybe will mention it in quick start docs, or other part of docs.

Author: Added that code suggestion in [last force-push](https://github.com/py-mine/mcstatus/compare/9086ff3d9484d8cde97d4439741329a1a487017d..f71fea6b2261db29714c612dcf737c7c75465482), thanks!

Reviewer: Well, I was thinking about just including it in a `.. note` block, but I don't necessarily mind it too much if it's not included at all. However I don't think we should put it in the quick start, it's way too complex and not really necessary for end users to know. The only place that would make sense is as a part of this FAQ question, and even that's slightly weird, which is why I mentioned that we could also instead just include a link to a similar explanation somewhere.

Reviewer 2: Related: https://documentation.divio.com/
